{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Ken Shay}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww32840\viewh20980\viewkind1
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 In loving memory of John Daniel Shay, an extraordinary soul who enriched our lives for 20 precious years. Born on March 7, 2003, he departed this life on December 13, 2023, after a valiant and dignified four-month battle with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.\
John spent his earliest years in Londonderry, NH, before moving to Cornville, ME, at the age of six. He briefly attended Bloomfield Elementary before transferring to the Community Regional Charter School. It was there that John began to truly flourish, both academically and personally. Inspired by an extraordinary math teacher, his involvement in the Lego Robotics team, and mentored by his Uncle Kenny, John quickly developed a passion for computer programming and mathematics. He started dual enrollment courses at KVCC in his sophomore year and graduated from Overman Academy in 2021 with nine college courses already completed. At the time of his passing, John was excelling in a double major in Computer Programming and Mathematics at UMaine Orono, consistently making the Dean's List, engaging in the math club, and participating in a machine learning research project under the guidance of his most admired professor. There was no doubt he was on his way to fulfilling his dream of earning a PhD.\
John was a true blessing to his family and friends. His sweet, "old soul" possessed an easygoing, genuine, and unpretentious demeanor that endeared him to everyone. An introvert by nature, he had a remarkable capacity for solitude, often content to observe the world from a distance while listening to music or podcasts on YouTube and indulging in his love for reading. Wise beyond his years, John was reserved yet steadfast in his commitment to integrity, avoiding drama, and cherishing a simple life. He was dedicated to bettering himself and valued the aspects of life that are earned, not bought. A profound thinker, he relished discussing complex ideas and abstract math, often surpassing the understanding of his listeners. He enjoyed a challenging chess game, mastering strategies in League of Legends or Valorant, and solving complex math problems mentally. He appreciated new perspectives and enjoyed engaging debates, taking pleasure in a well-reasoned argument. John also had a love for exploring new cuisines, humorously rating family meals against Gordon Ramsay's standards. Above all, John's loyalty to his family shone brightly; his gentle nature and thoughtful ways made him the heart of our family. His relationships, especially with "The Uncles" and his cherished "Nana," with whom he spent summers at Lake Winnipesaukee, were profoundly special.\
Although John's journey through life was short, he left an indelible mark through his humble spirit and remarkable depth of character. His courageous battle with cancer showcased his incredible strength and unwavering integrity. John's intellect, passion for the unique, and willingness to embrace challenges, combined with his insightful and often humorous observations, brought joy and pride to our family. He was truly special.\
Though John's physical presence is no longer among us, his spirit will forever dwell in our hearts. The deep sorrow we experience is a testament to the extraordinary love he shared with us.\
John, your unique and brilliant light has left an indelible mark on our world, and your legacy, "Shay 2.0," will continue to inspire us. May your spirit find eternal peace, and may we all aspire to embody your character, strength, integrity, and generosity. You are deeply loved, forever missed, and will always be remembered as the epitome of our family. Until we meet again.\
John is lovingly remembered by his parents, November and Curi Poulin, his grandparents "Nana" Laureen Shay, Greg Hopkins, "Grammy" Dianne Corson, "The Uncles" Danny, Kenny, and Kevin Shay, and a host of other loving family members and friends.\
In lieu of flowers, please consider a donation in his honor to the Ronald McDonald House, 250 Brackett Street, Portland, Maine 04102. This remarkable organization, supported solely through donations, provided a home away from home for our family during John's hospital stay, allowing us to remain by his side.\
}